# 🏗 Solana App Scaffold
Scaffolding for a dapp built on Solana

# My approach
When I first approached this task, I assumed the goal was that I had to create a program just to show how I would tackle a project. That's why I delivered early in an unfinished state. The feedback I got from Peter made me realize that I was completely wrong, so I took a 'step' back to evaluate my code and it confronted me with the fact that I just created a rushed mess of code. With a clear head, I took my time more to really think it through and began the restructuring everything. My goal shifted to creating production ready code and I really thought decisions through before execution. 

## How it works
Landing on the application you see 2 buttons. The button on the left is a small tool to create auxiliary token accounts for a specific mint (declared in the input field). When clicking on this button an instruction is created using a new function called 'createDuplicateTokenAccount' that I've created in '/actions/tool.ts'. This instruction creates 2 auxiliary token accounts. When successful a message is posted saying 'Scrambled tokens served'. The functionality of this small tool is fairly simple. When delivering the first time I didn't correctly manage the state of the input field which made it fail every time when using on the Mainnet.

The right button leads to the tool page. When no auxiliary tokens are found all titles will appear green. After using the scrambler tool the 'Migrate Associated Token Accounts' title will appear in blue. I've used antd's collapse to create this layout. When opening the blue tab, you will see 'Token cards'. These are created in the 'MigrateableTokenDisplay' component and uses the 'TokenCard' hook to manage the state. Here you can decide on migrating all tokens or migrate separate tokens. When clicking on either one of these buttons the 'migrateTokens' function is called in '/actions/tool.ts' to create the correct instructions. If the ata is missing it will add an ata creation instruction to the instructionlist.

## Reflection
Looking back at the past 2 weeks I've learned so much both on the Solana & React side. This jobtryout really helped me improving my skills and challenge myself. I highly appreciate the oppertunity and guidance throughout this challenge. Altough sometimes it was challenging for me I definitely got a huge urge to push through some problems by working twice as hard. I'm looking forward to continue this work futher.